docs: DIA-1776: add QnA synthetic data tutorial (#6945)
HumanSignal/label-studio: docs/source/guide/prompts_examples.md

### Generate Synthetic Q&A Datasets

#### Overview

Synthetic datasets are datasets artificially generated rather than being collected from real-world observations. They encode characteristics similar to real data, but allow for scaling up data diversity or volume gaps in general purpose application, such as model training and evaluation. Synthetic datasets also work well in enhancing AI systems that have unbound human context as inputs and output, such as chatbot question and answers, test datasets for evaluation, and rich knowledge datasets for contextual retrieval. LLMs are particularly effective for generating synthetic datasets for these use cases, and allow you to enhance your AI system’s performance by creating diversity to learn from. 

#### Example

Let’s expand on the Q&A use case above with an example demonstrating how to use Prompts to generate synthetic user prompts for a chatbot RAG system. Given a dataset of chatbot answers, we’ll generate some questions that could return each answer.
 

1. [Create a new label studio project](setup_project) by importing chunks of text that would be meaningful answers from a chatbot.

>     You can use a preprocessed sample of the [SQuAD](https://huggingface.co/datasets/rajpurkar/squad) dataset as an example. See [the appendix](#Appendix-Generate-dataset) for how this was generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can use a preprocessed sample of the [SQuAD](https://huggingface.co/datasets/rajpurkar/squad) dataset as an example. See [the appendix](#Appendix-Preprocess-SQuAD-Q-A-dataset) for how this was generated.
```

  <Header value="Questions" />
  <TextArea name="question1" toName="context" 
            placeholder="Enter question 1" 
            rows="2"
            maxSubmissions="1" />

  <TextArea name="question2" toName="context" 
            placeholder="Enter question 2" 
            rows="2"
            maxSubmissions="1" />

  <TextArea name="question3" toName="context" 
            placeholder="Enter question 3" 
            rows="2"
            maxSubmissions="1" />
</View>
```

3. Navigate to **Prompts** from the sidebar, and [create a prompt](prompts_create) for the project

    If you have not yet set up API the keys you want to use, do that now: [API keys](prompts_create#Model-provider-API-keys). 

4. Add instructions to create 3 questions:

    *Using the "context" below as context, come up with 3 questions ("question1", "question2", and "question3") for which the appropriate answer would be the "answer" below:*

    *Context:*
    *---*
    *{context}*
    *---*

    *Answer:*
    *---*
    *{answer}*
    *---*

!!! note
    Ensure you include `{answer}` and `{context}` in your instructions. Click `answer`/`context` above the instruction field to insert them. 

>     ![Screenshot pointing to how to insert comment text into your instructions](/images/prompts/example_insert_comment_text.png)

Reviewer: Wrong image - honestly I think it's ok to either not include an image or just point them to the previous example

Author: Ah yeah, forgot to go back and update those. Yeah I'll just point them to the prior examples to avoid all the redundancy here.

Author: I went ahead and removed the images in the same section for the other tutorials, lmk if you disagree with that though.

!!! info Tip
    You can also automatically generate the instructions using the [**Enhance Prompt** action](prompts_draft#Enhance-prompt). Before you can use this action, you must at least add a variable name (e.g. `{context}` or `{answer}`) and then click **Save**. 

>     ![Screenshot pointing to Enhance Prompt action](/images/prompts/example_enhance_prompt.png)

Reviewer: Same issue with wrong image. But for this one, could maybe just crop the screenshot to remove the actual prompt, then we could reuse it between examples?

    
5. Run the Prompt! View predictions to accept or correct.

    You can [read more about evaluation metrics](prompts_draft#Evaluation-results) and ways to assess your prompt performance. 

!!! info Tip
    You can change the subset of data being used (e.g. only data with Ground Truth annotations, or a small sample of records). 

>     ![Screenshot pointing to subset dropdown](/images/prompts/example_subset2.png)

Reviewer: Same issue as above

Author: This one was harder to get a general image for. Lmk if you think what I have here works.

Reviewer: I think it totally works!
